README.md, before:

# AppRater

AppRater is a library for Android designed to facilitate easy prompting of users to rate your app within the Google Play store or Amazon App Store.
It won't prompt until at least 3 days or 7 uses of the app has passed and if the user chooses to rate later the count will start again.

AppRater inherits your themeing so can be used with light or dark variants as seen here;

![Example Image Dark][1] ![Example Image Light][2]

To use simply add the library to your app and make one call within your onCreate method as follows;

`AppRater.app_launched(this);`

There are several options you can also use to change the default behavior.

You can use the overriden method to specify your own day and launch count parameters.
`setVersionCodeCheckEnabled` or `setVersionNameCheckEnabled` enable version checking, which will re-enable the prompt count if a new version is installed.
`isNoButtonVisible` will disable the No Thanks button, forcing the user to either rate or prompt later.
`setDarkTheme` and `setLightTheme` enable manual control over the theme the dialog uses, overriding your application default.

By default this will link to the Google Play store.  You can optionally set an alternate market by using;

`AppRater.setMarket(new GoogleMarket());`

`AppRater.setMarket(new AmazonMarket());`

You can implement your own market, implementing the Market interface and parse your URI.

If you want to have a "Rate Now" menu option to go straight to your play store listing call `AppRater.rateNow(this);` within your menu code.

You can intercept button clicks to add custom logic. Use `onRateClick`, `onLaterClick` and `onNoClick` to perform additional actions like analytics reporting.
Try out the demo within this repository.

## Gradle

AppRater is now pushed to Maven Central as an AAR, so you just need to add the following dependency to your `build.gradle`.
    
    dependencies {
        compile 'com.github.codechimp-org.apprater:library:1.0.+'
    }

## Translations

If you would like to help localise this library please fork the project, create and verify your language files, then create a pull request.

## Contributing Code

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

## Developed By

Andrew Jackson <andrew@codechimp.org>

Google+ profile: 
[https://plus.google.com/+AndrewJacksonUK](https://plus.google.com/+AndrewJacksonUK)

Adapted from a snippet originally posted [here](http://www.androidsnippets.com/prompt-engaged-users-to-rate-your-app-in-the-android-market-appirater)

## License

    Copyright 2013 Andrew Jackson

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.





 [1]: https://raw.github.com/codechimp-org/AppRater/master/Screenshots/demo-dark.png
 [2]: https://raw.github.com/codechimp-org/AppRater/master/Screenshots/demo-light.png

Commit message:

Added a description to explain why this fork is still useful.

README.md, after:

This fork adds ability to intercept button clicks to customize the behavior.
I'd like to merge it into original repo, but it looks abandoned unfortunately.

# AppRater

AppRater is a library for Android designed to facilitate easy prompting of users to rate your app within the Google Play store or Amazon App Store.
It won't prompt until at least 3 days or 7 uses of the app has passed and if the user chooses to rate later the count will start again.

AppRater inherits your themeing so can be used with light or dark variants as seen here;

![Example Image Dark][1] ![Example Image Light][2]

To use simply add the library to your app and make one call within your onCreate method as follows;

`AppRater.app_launched(this);`

There are several options you can also use to change the default behavior.

You can use the overriden method to specify your own day and launch count parameters.
`setVersionCodeCheckEnabled` or `setVersionNameCheckEnabled` enable version checking, which will re-enable the prompt count if a new version is installed.
`isNoButtonVisible` will disable the No Thanks button, forcing the user to either rate or prompt later.
`setDarkTheme` and `setLightTheme` enable manual control over the theme the dialog uses, overriding your application default.

By default this will link to the Google Play store.  You can optionally set an alternate market by using;

`AppRater.setMarket(new GoogleMarket());`

`AppRater.setMarket(new AmazonMarket());`

You can implement your own market, implementing the Market interface and parse your URI.

If you want to have a "Rate Now" menu option to go straight to your play store listing call `AppRater.rateNow(this);` within your menu code.

You can intercept button clicks to add custom logic. Use `onRateClick`, `onLaterClick` and `onNoClick` to perform additional actions like analytics reporting.
Try out the demo within this repository.

## Gradle

AppRater is now pushed to Maven Central as an AAR, so you just need to add the following dependency to your `build.gradle`.
    
    dependencies {
        compile 'com.github.codechimp-org.apprater:library:1.0.+'
    }

## Translations

If you would like to help localise this library please fork the project, create and verify your language files, then create a pull request.

## Contributing Code

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

## Developed By

Andrew Jackson <andrew@codechimp.org>

Google+ profile: 
[https://plus.google.com/+AndrewJacksonUK](https://plus.google.com/+AndrewJacksonUK)

Adapted from a snippet originally posted [here](http://www.androidsnippets.com/prompt-engaged-users-to-rate-your-app-in-the-android-market-appirater)

## License

    Copyright 2013 Andrew Jackson

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.





 [1]: https://raw.github.com/codechimp-org/AppRater/master/Screenshots/demo-dark.png
 [2]: https://raw.github.com/codechimp-org/AppRater/master/Screenshots/demo-light.png
